# Brandistock 4 // 8.20.5014u
Hired by **Landmark Colonial**, a Smith-Shimano Corpro subsidiary, the **Mirrorsmoke Mercenary Company** (MSMC) forms *Shamshir Squadron* within their Crisis Response unit. The squadron is formed with a band of eccentrics, rookies (as far as Lancers are concerned) and individuals that enjoy Mirrorsmoke's identity wiping benefits. After convening the squad boards the typhoon class light cruiser Brandistock 4 to travel via the ATLAS-QUANOKRIM blinkgate to the recently-rediscovered planetoid known as **Hercynia** where Landmark Colonial has establish a colony known as **Evergreen**. 

Accompanying the squad is MSMC Commading Officer **Lucculan** who informs them that their mission is to respond to a distress call sent out by Evergreen and await for Union forces to reinforce the colony, adding that despite the fact that the SSC is their employer that it would be everyone's best interest to be on their best behavior and follow Thirdcomm's directives. The commander notes the following:

1. Union’s imperative dictates that the squad treat the situation with utmost care. Hercynia is potentially populated by some sort of indigenous human culture, but the evidence is unclear.
   
2. The current holder of Hercynia’s charter is Landmark Colonial, a subsidiary of Smith-Shimano Corpro. The Squad is to make contact with Landmark’s representative on the ground first in order to present their credentials and integrate into the local hierarchy. That means as we wait for Union that we contribute to and protect the society of Evergreen.
   
3. Hercynia was once subject to a widespread and catastrophic SecComm expeditionary campaign. The records lack detail, but building from what has been recovered from the old Union Colonial Mission indicates that the Second Committee mounted a handful of similar campaigns against resistant populations. This likely accounts for the massive amount of radiation, distress signals, encrypted comms, and general “noise” coming off the world. The squad should expect to encounter old Union military infrastructure in the form of unexploded ordinance, waste radiation, and possibly even abandoned ground-based installations.
