## Evergreen, Hercynia // Late Spring
Shamshir Squadron continues to integrate themselves into Evergreen and provide their expertise in security. During the period beefore Late Spring the squadron engaged in various activities by themselves:

- Herkules attempted to follow up on local rumors and to learn of the history of the planet, perhaps determining that the past has a relation to the current woes faced by Evergreen. Unfortunately they did not find much success with mingling with the locals and the information provided by Landmark Colonial to the colony seems lacking or if one would take a more cynical outlook scrubbed of content.

- 𓂀 proselytized their believe in Horus and attempted to build up their cult's base in Evergreen, locals are unreceptive and keep tolerant stance of the group of clone's believes since it doesn't seem to bring any harm. Strangely 𓂀 has been experiencing occasional lapses in their perception of time and events, even finding a message written in paper in their hands during one of their black outs. The message states "3002 IT WAS YOU – WONDER WHY".

- Raincaller went on a walkabout and observed the local behavior and tongue and the alleys and paths of Evergreen, he likely did it by himself under the rain, after all that sort of weather is rather common on Hercynia. On the later weeks of the season he attempted to prepare themself for future encounters with the raiders 

- Seawolf※ attempted to investigate the strange COMP/CON unit the squad found, the engineer corp of Evergreen were of not much help as were the overworked medical staff of the colony, however, the pilot learned that the COMP/CON's programming mentions the anatomy of the human brain and broadcasting on various lines.

In late spring the raiders attacked unexpectedly even after Evergreen has established connection with the existing satellite network, perhaps the raiders have some way of spoofing the satelite or are using the natural flora to their advantage. During this attack on Evergreen Shamshir Squadron carried out Operation Vigilant Gaze with the objective to protect the colony's reactor, successfully preventing the distruption of Evergreen's power despite the feinting manuever carried out by the raiders and a repurposed Genghis Mk1. However, Shamshir Squadron had to confront a raider that reactivated an Enkidu class mechanized chassis, a deadly weapon from SecComm's time that was originally intended as part of a TBK (total biome kill), taking major casualities in the squadron and thankfully preventing catastrophic civilian deaths. How did these raiders have access to SecComm equipment?
