## Evergreen, Hercynia // Early Summer
Patience detects a strange broadcast that is affecting the subalterns and machines of the colony, all  of which have been heading east due to the broadcast. Patience themselves will temporarily be off commission, requiring to undergo their usually scheduled cycling. Shimshir Squadron themselves had observe this phenomena before especially in regards to their previous encounter and have been experiencing some oddies with one of their own a pilot with the callsign 𓂀 (Eye of Horus). In the mean time Edena Ji, Patience's attache, is assigned leadership to the colony.

During this period Shamshir Squadron has been assigned to investigate the strange broadcast together with members of the Evergreen millitia, following the machines in the process of their investigation. Arriving at the location of the broadcast source the squardon and the militia encountered hordes and hordes of SEComm era machines rising from the ground, their rusting hulking frames aching towards the living in an attempt to destroy. This is a machine army, one that would threaten Evergreen and more. As this unnerving situation occurs the squad and millitia retreat and attempt to regroup with other members of the millitia while on the comms reports of attacks on the gray towns can be heard. Shamshir Squadron successfully retreats to Evergreen with refugees from the gray towns.

Once at Evergreen the squadron and the millitia prepare for the machine army while new arrivals Crisis Response Team Contingency White, a CRT under Landmark Colonial, help bolster the defense forces of Evergreen but raises small questions about Shamshir Squadron's postion in the colony. The leader of the CRT, Eddie Wu, seems to have some history with Lucullan but otherwise the pilots of the CRT are an interesting group of characters that show professionalism in their day to day duties. 

Due to the increased defense capabilities and some recent discoveries by Evergreen's satellites the Shamshir Squadron is assigned to investigate a potential escape route for the colony if things go badly. This investigation led them to an underground tunnel where the HUC (Hercynian United Cities) rangers led by Dthall Ordo, an officer among the rangers that previously contacted the squad, were hiding out after their engagements from the machine army. After discussions the squad decided to split up, 𓂀 returning to Evergreen while the others go to the HUC to form an alliance against the machine army.

During this time the squad also did or uncovered the following:

1. Seawolf cleansed 𓂀 of a virus that could cross between human and COMP/CON, the virus was following directives from an entity known as Kingfisher

2. Herkules prepared traps at chokepoints and attempted to increase the defenses of Evergreen in anticipation of the machine army.

3. Raincaller salvaged materials to prepare for the multiple engagements that are expected of the future.

4. 𓂀 continued to lead the cult to assist the people of Evergreen.
